Updated release process to include checking on recent results of Jenkins tests prior to starting the release [BA-6551] (#5877)
broadinstitute/cromwell: processes/release_processes/README.MD

## Core Process: How to Publish and Release Cromwell

If you're the lucky "Release Rotation Engineer" this time, you should do the following four things:

1. Check that all most recent executions of Cromwell's Jenkins tests have succeeded, and that all those executions were 

> against the most recent commit in "develop" branch. There are 2 groups of Jenkins tests which have to be checked (you 

Reviewer: >against the most recent commit in "develop" branch

This implies an overnight freeze of `develop` prior to running a release. Are we cool with that?

Author: I would say yes. @mcovarr, what do you think ?

Reviewer 2: 👍

> should be Under VPN to open the following links):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
will need to be on the VPN to open the following links):
```

>     1. [Tests for various backends supported by Cromwell](https://gotc-jenkins.dsp-techops.broadinstitute.org/view/cromwell-cron/job/cromwell-cron-parent/)

Reviewer: This link gives me a 404. Does it need to be shared?

Author: Are you using VPN?

Reviewer: Yes

    1. [Tests for Cromwell in Terra environment](https://fc-jenkins.dsp-techops.broadinstitute.org/view/Batch/)  
1. [Run the publish script to create a new version of Cromwell](#how-to-publish-a-new-cromwell-version)  
1. [Run through the "How to Release Cromwell into Firecloud" process](#how-to-release-cromwell-into-firecloud)  

> 1. [Run through the "How to Deploy Cromwell in CAAS prod" process](#how-to-deploy-cromwell-in-caas-prod)  

Reviewer 2: TOL all the numbers being "1." looks really weird in the source but it does render correctly... 🙂
